Update module-resolution.md (#838)
parcel-bundler/website: src/features/module-resolution.md

### Package entry fields

> When scope hoisting is enabled, a bare specified (e.g. `lodash`) is resolved in this order (the first field that specified and points to any existing file):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scope hoisting is enabled, a bare specifier (e.g. `lodash`) is resolved in this order (the first field that specified and points to an existing file):
```
